hi I'm Jason bellows from graphic
elephants comms
right now we're going to take a look at
the proofing sampling station it's
pretty interesting device here it uses
the Newman in MA
registration system it said you were
able to use it as a sample address
before you go to production as you can
see right here George from stretch
devices is like one screen on top of the
other pins and we're going to take a
look at the registration right here in a
second and how well it lines up a lot of
it has to do with some pre-press you do
have to post on carriers in the art
department and use a posting bar to post
the carriers on the screens and it's not
that tough the pump doesn't take that
much more time one of the benefits I
thought about this machine was that if
you are running multiple automatics in
your shop and
know how it is when you set up the 14
color and you have to change the print
order because doesn't look good that
could be done on this machine before
depress and then also if you need to
corrupt one shirt for a sample for
customer it would be great to simply do
it on this one for us and then send it
off to the customer if any changes need
to be go right back to the sample press
I think it's an excellent idea and
deeply impressed when I sell if you have
any questions contact us at kalfus calm
or we can deal so heavily on our link
pages to stretch devices and contact
them directly about this product we
thought it was interesting some other
thanks for viewing
why
cars so much
you